a new warrior has entered the ring some
course schmuck that was dragged in here
from whoever wherever to get beat down
it's not his fault believe me it's not
his fault that he's gonna meet this type
of law oh you gotta be kidding me man
this one I want to pick somebody else I
get a freaking mirror match you gotta be
freaking kidding me all right whatever a
little skinny so no care who you are I'm
do that to playa ah yeah they got eating
you very private huh look at that
playing behind you garbage man messing
me up hey come on man i only work with a
cool think disease kicker okay what you
know what I'm hey hey no candy it I get
see anybody do that combo come on mommy
I need the shortcut that's what the
shortcuts for
mom I did a new be short but not with
this one you can eat too uh-huh uh-huh
fo far as I'm concerned mom spiral spy
do it it what hey Dad Dichter don't even
eat dad 100 come on now you know what to
do you know what to do look at culture
you got to lose this one just give it up
huh okay yeah I'm waiting on that one
canon drill baby canon drill baby go you
go KOF uh-huh oh you're ready for a
quickie all right mom mom oh yeah SI yo
hey I wanted one I mean I wanted to
cancel on me baby oh good to make it out
here flip flip farther farther do it I
don't lose on my stage baby oh oh look
at look at go get scared huh I mean a
robber look at you jumping back yourself
fool of dare you how dare you get that
close to winning I had that all under
control I just want y'all to know that I
planned that last hit out so she can get
that give me down that far and he'll so
I can get that last hit like that that
was all my plan later